When will the east wind come from Luoyang, and all the willows on the riverbank will return.
I am often afraid that autumn will come, and the yellow flowers and leaves of Kun will wither.
The strong wind has turned deep red, and the green leaves have become shady and covered the branches.
Purple smoke rises from the fragrant sunset, and the rumor is that the waterfall hangs in front of the river. The flying stream descends three thousand feet, and it is suspected that the Milky Way has fallen nine days.
When has spring flowers and autumn moon arrived? How much do we know about the past.
The spring eye is silent, cherishing the gentle flow, the shade of the tree shines on the water, loving the clear and gentle. The up and coming lotus just bud; a dragonfly has already stood on it.
The light of the lake and the autumn moon merge, and the surface of the pond is calm and the mirror is not polished.
Three fallen autumn leaves can bloom in February.
Planting a millet in spring and harvesting ten thousand seeds in autumn.
The silver candle's autumn light cools the screen, and the light Luo small fan flutters against the fireflies.
the autumn wind blows drear and bleak; the monstrous billows surge up high.
Taiyi is close to Tiandu, from the mountains to the corners of the sea. The white clouds look back and merge, and the green mist enters without a trace. The peak changes in the dividing field, and the valleys are diverse between the sunny and cloudy. If you want to sleep in someone's place, ask the woodcutter across the water.
The window contains the autumn snow of the Western Ridge, and the door berth the ships of the Eastern Wu.
The spring water of the Yangtze River is as green as gold, and the lotus leaves are as big as gold when it comes to water.
There are no people in the empty mountain, but people's voices are heard.
Artemisia selengensis is covered in the ground with short reed buds, just when the pufferfish is about to ascend.
The bright moon rises from the Tianshan Mountains, amidst the vast sea of clouds.
From hill to hill no bird in flight, from path to path no man in sight.
The green mountains cannot cover it, after all, it flows eastward.
At sunrise riverside flowers are redder than fire, in spring green waves grow as blue as sapphire.
Thirty thousand miles east of the river, with a sea of people, and five thousand towering mountains soaring to the sky.
The mountains and rivers are heavy, and there is no way out. The willows are hidden, and the flowers are shining in another village.
The water is desolate, and the mountains and islands are towering.
The so-called Yi person is on the water side.
The Peach Blossom Pond is a thousand feet deep, not as deep as Wang Lun's love for me.
The Tianmen Gate interrupted the opening of the Chu River, and the blue water flowed eastward to this point.
Infinite mountains and rivers shed tears, who says that heaven and earth are wide.
Looking at each other, there is no dislike, only Jingting Mountain.
The willows are green and the river is level, and I can hear the singing on the Langjiang River.
The clouds on the wild path are all black, and the fire on the riverboat is bright.
Moonlight falls, crows cry, and frost fills the sky, while Jiang Feng's fishing fire sleeps with sorrow.
I still miss Xiang Yu and refuse to cross Jiangdong.
Planting beans at the foot of Nanshan Mountain, with abundant grass and sparse bean seedlings.
Three or two branches of peach blossoms outside the bamboo, the prophet of the warm spring river duck.
The bright moon shines among the pine trees, and the clear spring stones flow upstream.
The birds in the river are over white, and the blue flowers on the mountains are about to burn.
A thousand miles of warblers chirping green and reflecting red, the water village, the mountain, and the wine flag breeze.
No one passes by the long fence, only dragonflies and butterflies fly.
There are many willows in the south and north of the water, and plums are everywhere in the mountains behind and in front of the mountains.
The towering trees of thousands of valleys, the sound of cuckoos from thousands of mountains.
White egrets fly in the desert and water fields, while yellow orioles sing in the shade of summer trees.
In the rain, chickens crow one or two, and Zhuxi Village Road and Banqiao are inclined.
The flower piercing butterfly deeply sees, and the water skimming dragonfly flies fly one after another.
On the pond, there are three or four green mosses, and one or two yellow orioles under the leaves.
Far up in the cold mountain, the stone path slopes, and deep in the white clouds, there is a house. Stop and sit in the maple forest at night, the frost leaves are redder than the February flowers.
Seeing the autumn breeze in the city of Luoyang, I aspire to write a book with a profound meaning. I can't express my fear in a hurry, and pedestrians are about to open the envelope again.
Gui soul is born with a faint autumn dew, and the light Luo has become thin without changing clothes. The silver kite has been playing diligently for a long time at night, and the heart is afraid of an empty room and cannot bear to return.
Chang'an is covered in a month, with the sound of thousands of households pounding clothes. The autumn wind cannot blow endlessly, always with a jade pass. He Liping is a captive, and the good man is on his expedition.
Moving the boat to moor in the smoke, the evening brings sorrow to the traveler. The sky is vast and the trees are low, while the moon is clear and the river is near.
The country is broken by mountains and rivers, and the spring grass and trees in the city are deep.
Lush grass on the plains, in one year, withers and thrives once each.
The water is like a green ribbon, and the mountains are like jade hairpins.
